Environment variable | Description| Required
--- | ---- | ----
`WALLARM_API_TOKEN` | Wallarm node or API token. | Yes
`WALLARM_API_HOST` | Wallarm API server:<ul><li>`us1.api.wallarm.com` for the US Cloud</li><li>`api.wallarm.com` for the EU Cloud</li></ul>By default: `api.wallarm.com`. | No
`WALLARM_LABELS` | <p>Available starting from node 4.6. Works only if `WALLARM_API_TOKEN` is set to [API token][api-token] with the `Deploy` role. Sets the `group` label for node instance grouping, for example:</p> <p>`WALLARM_LABELS="group=<GROUP>"`</p> <p>...will place node instance into the `<GROUP>` instance group (existing, or, if does not exist, it will be created).</p> | Yes (for API tokens)
`WALLARM_APID_ONLY` (5.3.7 and higher) | In this mode, attacks detected in your traffic are blocked locally by the node (if [enabled][filtration-modes]) but not exported to Wallarm Cloud. Meanwhile, [API Discovery][api-discovery-docs] and some other features remain fully functional, detecting your API inventory and uploading it to the Cloud for visualization. This mode is for those who want to review their API inventory and identify sensitive data first, and plan controlled attack data export accordingly. However, disabling attack export is rare, as Wallarm securely processes attack data and provides [sensitive attack data masking][sensitive-data-rule] if needed. [More details][apid-only-mode-details]<br>By default: `false`. | No
`APIFW_API_MODE_MAX_ERRORS_IN_RESPONSE` (5.3.12 and later in the 5.x series) | Limits the number of errors that can be detected in a single request during [API Specification Enforcement][api-policy-enf-docs].<br><br>The default value is `3`.<br><br>If you increase this value, please also increase the value of the [`subrequest_output_buffer_size`](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#subrequest_output_buffer_size) NGINX directive by specifying it in the appropriate mounted configuration file. | No
