Environment variable | Description| Required
--- | ---- | ----
`WALLARM_API_TOKEN` | Wallarm node token.<br><div class="admonition info"> <p class="admonition-title">Previous variables configuring access to the Wallarm Cloud</p> <p>Before the release of version 4.0, the variables prior to `WALLARM_API_TOKEN` were `DEPLOY_USERNAME` and `DEPLOY_PASSWORD`. Starting from the new release, it is recommended to use the new token-based approach to access the Wallarm Cloud. [More details on migrating to the new node version](/updating-migrating/docker-container/)</p></div> | Yes
`NGINX_BACKEND` | Domain or IP address of the resource to protect with the Wallarm solution. | Yes
`WALLARM_API_HOST` | Wallarm API server:<ul><li>`us1.api.wallarm.com` for the US Cloud</li><li>`api.wallarm.com` for the EU Cloud</li></ul>By default: `api.wallarm.com`. | No
`WALLARM_MODE` | Node mode:<ul><li>`block` to block malicious requests</li><li>`safe_blocking` to block only those malicious requests originated from [graylisted IP addresses][graylist-docs]</li><li>`monitoring` to analyze but not block requests</li><li>`off` to disable traffic analyzing and processing</li></ul>By default: `monitoring`.<br>[Detailed description of filtration modes →][filtration-modes-docs] | No
`WALLARM_APPLICATION` | Unique identifier of the protected application to be used in the Wallarm Cloud. The value can be a positive integer except for `0`.<br><br>Default value (if the variable is not passed to the container) is `-1` which indicates the **default** application displayed in Wallarm Console → **Settings** → **Application**.<br><br>[More details on setting up applications →][application-configuration] | No
`TARANTOOL_MEMORY_GB` | [Amount of memory][allocating-memory-guide] allocated to Tarantool. The value can be an integer or a float (a dot <code>.</code> is a decimal separator). By default: 0.2 gygabytes. | No
`NGINX_PORT` | Sets a port that NGINX will use inside the Docker container.<br><br>Starting from the Docker image `4.0.2-1`, the [`wallarm-status`][node-status-docs] service automatically runs on the same port as NGINX.<br><br>Default value (if the variable is not passed to the container) is `80`.<br><br>Syntax is `-e NGINX_PORT='443'`. | No
`DISABLE_IPV6`| The variable with any value except for an empty one deletes the `listen [::]:80 default_server ipv6only=on;` line from the NGINX configuration file which will stop NGINX from IPv6 connection processing.<br><br>If the variable is not specified explicitly or has an empty value `""`, NGINX processes both IPv6 and IPv4 connections. | No