Environment variable | Description| Required
--- | ---- | ----
`DEPLOY_USER` | Email to the **Deploy** or **Administrator** user account in the Wallarm Console.| Yes
`DEPLOY_PASSWORD` | Password to the **Deploy** or **Administrator** user account in the Wallarm Console. | Yes
`NGINX_BACKEND` | Domain or IP address of the resource to protect with WAF. | Yes
`WALLARM_API_HOST` | Wallarm API server:<ul><li>`api.wallarm.com` for the EU Cloud</li><li>`us1.api.wallarm.com` for the US Cloud</li></ul>By default: `api.wallarm.com`. | No
`WALLARM_MODE` | WAF node mode:<ul><li>`block` to block malicious requests</li><li>`monitoring` to analyze but not block requests</li><li>`off` to disable traffic analyzing and processing</li></ul>By default: `monitoring`. | No
`TARANTOOL_MEMORY_GB` | [Amount of memory][allocating-memory-guide] allocated to Tarantool. The value can be an integer or a float (a dot <code>.</code> is a decimal separator). By default: 0.2 gygabytes. | No
`WALLARM_ACL_ENABLE` | Enables the IP blocking functionality with [default settings][default-ip-blocking-settings]. The following values can be assigned to a variable:<ul><li>`true` to enable the IP blocking functionality</li><li>`false` to disable the IP blocking functionality</li></ul>Default value (if the variable is not passed to the container) is `false`.<br>To enable the IP blocking functionality with custom settings, you need to define appropriate NGINX [directives][wallarm-acl-directive] and run the container [mounting](#run-the-container-mounting-the-configuration-file) the configuration file with defined directives.<div class="admonition warning"> <p class="admonition-title">Values `on` / `enabled` / `ok` / `yes`</p> <p>Since version 2.16.0-8 of the WAF node image, the values `on` / `enabled` / `ok` / `yes` assigned to this variable disable the IP blocking functionality. We recommend deploying the latest image version as described in the current document and passing the value `true` or `false` in this variable.</div> | No 
