Environment variable | Description| Required
--- | ---- | ----
`DEPLOY_USER` | Email to the **Deploy** or **Administrator** user account in the Wallarm Console.| Yes
`DEPLOY_PASSWORD` | Password to the **Deploy** or **Administrator** user account in the Wallarm Console. | Yes
`NGINX_BACKEND` | Domain or IP address of the resource to protect with Wallarm API Security. | Yes
`WALLARM_API_HOST` | Wallarm API server:<ul><li>`api.wallarm.com` for the EU Cloud</li><li>`us1.api.wallarm.com` for the US Cloud</li></ul>By default: `api.wallarm.com`. | No
`WALLARM_MODE` | Node mode:<ul><li>`block` to block malicious requests</li><li>`monitoring` to analyze but not block requests</li><li>`off` to disable traffic analyzing and processing</li></ul>By default: `monitoring`. | No
`TARANTOOL_MEMORY_GB` | [Amount of memory][allocating-memory-guide] allocated to Tarantool. The value can be an integer or a float (a dot <code>.</code> is a decimal separator). By default: 0.2 gygabytes. | No
`WALLARM_ACL_ENABLE` | Enables the IP blocking functionality with [default settings][default-ip-blocking-settings]. The following values can be assigned to a variable:<ul><li>`true` to enable the IP blocking functionality</li><li>`false` to disable the IP blocking functionality</li></ul>Default value (if the variable is not passed to the container) is `false`.<br>To enable the IP blocking functionality with custom settings, you need to define appropriate NGINX [directives][wallarm-acl-directive] and run the container [mounting][mount-config-instr] the configuration file with defined directives.<div class="admonition warning"> <p class="admonition-title">Values `on` / `enabled` / `ok` / `yes`</p> <p>Since version 2.16.0-8 of the filtering node image, the values `on` / `enabled` / `ok` / `yes` assigned to this variable disable the IP blocking functionality. We recommend deploying the latest image version as described in the current document and passing the value `true` or `false` in this variable.</div> | No 
`DEPLOY_FORCE` | Replaces an existing Wallarm node with a new one if an existing Wallarm node name matches the identifier of the container you are running. The following values can be assigned to a variable:<ul><li>`true` to replace the filtering node</li><li>`false` to disable the replacement of the filtering node</li></ul>Default value (if the variable is not passed to the container) is `false`.<br>The Wallarm node name always matches the identifier of the container you are running. Filtering node replacement is helpful if the Docker container identifiers in your environment are static and you are trying to run another Docker container with the filtering node (for example, a container with a new version of the image). If in this case the variable value is `false`, the filtering node creation process will fail. | No
