Environment variable | Description| Required
--- | ---- | ----
`DEPLOY_USER` | Email to the **Deploy** or **Administrator** user account in Wallarm Console.| Yes
`DEPLOY_PASSWORD` | Password to the **Deploy** or **Administrator** user account in Wallarm Console. | Yes
`NGINX_BACKEND` | Domain or IP address of the resource to protect with the Wallarm solution. | Yes
`WALLARM_API_HOST` | Wallarm API server:<ul><li>`us1.api.wallarm.com` for the US Cloud</li><li>`api.wallarm.com` for the EU Cloud</li></ul>By default: `api.wallarm.com`. | No
`WALLARM_MODE` | Node mode:<ul><li>`block` to block malicious requests</li><li>`safe_blocking` to block only those malicious requests originated from [graylisted IP addresses][graylist-docs]</li><li>`monitoring` to analyze but not block requests</li><li>`off` to disable traffic analyzing and processing</li></ul>By default: `monitoring`.<br>[Detailed description of filtration modes →][filtration-modes-docs] | No
`WALLARM_APPLICATION` | Unique identifier of the protected application to be used in the Wallarm Cloud. The value can be a positive integer except for `0`.<br><br>Default value (if the variable is not passed to the container) is `-1` which indicates the **default** application displayed in Wallarm Console → **Settings** → **Application**.<br><br>[More details on setting up applications →][application-configuration]<div class="admonition info"> <p class="admonition-title">Support for the variable `WALLARM_APPLICATION`</p> <p>The variable `WALLARM_APPLICATION` is supported only starting with the Docker image of version `3.4.1-1`.</div> | No
`TARANTOOL_MEMORY_GB` | [Amount of memory][allocating-memory-guide] allocated to Tarantool. The value can be an integer or a float (a dot <code>.</code> is a decimal separator). By default: 0.2 gygabytes. | No
`DEPLOY_FORCE` | Replaces an existing Wallarm node with a new one if an existing Wallarm node name matches the identifier of the container you are running. The following values can be assigned to a variable:<ul><li>`true` to replace the filtering node</li><li>`false` to disable the replacement of the filtering node</li></ul>Default value (if the variable is not passed to the container) is `false`.<br>The Wallarm node name always matches the identifier of the container you are running. Filtering node replacement is helpful if the Docker container identifiers in your environment are static and you are trying to run another Docker container with the filtering node (for example, a container with a new version of the image). If in this case the variable value is `false`, the filtering node creation process will fail. | No
