Environment variable | Description| Required
--- | ---- | ----
`WALLARM_API_TOKEN` | Wallarm node or API token. | Yes
`WALLARM_API_HOST` | Wallarm API server:<ul><li>`us1.api.wallarm.com` for the US Cloud</li><li>`api.wallarm.com` for the EU Cloud</li></ul>By default: `api.wallarm.com`. | No
`WALLARM_LABELS` | <p>Available starting from node 4.6. Works only if `WALLARM_API_TOKEN` is set to [API token][api-token] with the `Deploy` role. Sets the `group` label for node instance grouping, for example:</p> <p>`WALLARM_LABELS="group=<GROUP>"`</p> <p>...will place node instance into the `<GROUP>` instance group (existing, or, if does not exist, it will be created).</p> | Yes (for API tokens)
`SLAB_ALLOC_ARENA` (`TARANTOOL_MEMORY_GB` [NGINX Node 5.x and earlier][what-is-new-wstore]) | [Amount of memory][allocating-memory-guide] allocated to wstore. The value can be a float (a dot <code>.</code> is a decimal separator). By default: 1.0 (1 gygabyte). | No
`WALLARM_APID_ONLY` (5.3.7 and higher) | In this mode, attacks detected in your traffic are blocked locally by the node (if [enabled][filtration-modes]) but not exported to Wallarm Cloud. Meanwhile, [API Discovery][api-discovery-docs] and some other features remain fully functional, detecting your API inventory and uploading it to the Cloud for visualization. This mode is for those who want to review their API inventory and identify sensitive data first, and plan controlled attack data export accordingly. However, disabling attack export is rare, as Wallarm securely processes attack data and provides [sensitive attack data masking][sensitive-data-rule] if needed. [More details][apid-only-mode-details]<br>By default: `false`. | No
`APIFW_METRICS_ENABLED` (6.4.1 and higher) | Enables Prometheus metrics for the API Specification Enforcement module.<br>By default: `false` (disabled). | No
`APIFW_METRICS_HOST` (6.4.1 and higher) | Defines the host and port on which the API Specification Enforcement exposes metrics.<br>By default: `:9010`. | No
`APIFW_METRICS_ENDPOINT_NAME` (6.4.1 and higher) | Defines the HTTP path of the API Specification Enforcement metrics endpoint<br>By default: `metrics`. | No
`WALLARM_WSTORE__METRICS__LISTEN_ADDRESS` | Defines the host and port on which [Postanalytics and general system metrics][wstore-metrics-mount] are exposed.<br>By default: `http://localhost:9001/metrics`. | No 
`WALLARM_WSTORE__SERVICE__PROTOCOL` (6.6.0 and higher) | Specifies the protocol family that **wstore** uses for incoming connections. Possible values:<ul><li>`"tcp"` - dual-stack mode (listens on both IPv4 and IPv6)</li><li>`"tcp4"` - IPv4 only</li><li>`"tcp6"` - IPv6 only</li></ul>By default: `"tcp4"`. | No
